The Naval Postgraduate School is basically the Navy's main school for
officers who probably came from the Naval Academy or maybe ROTC, that
are advanced in their career enough maybe after four years or six
years, to go back to graduate school to get an advanced degre. So they
allow Master's courses and things from security to operations management,
basically lots of war things. I was thinking about going there
myself to get a degree in modeling virtual environments and simulation,
it's a computer science field but there are things like applied
math, things that keep our Navy in tip top shape for the people
that are really controlling things at that level.